W-12734408 toc updates and refs to "ingress controller" for k8getwell duke (#213)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

FluentBit implementation enables log output to local files, or to aggregators such as New Relic, Sumo Logic, and Splunk.

== Replicas

> A runtime unit is called a `replica`. While a single runtime can support multiple backend APIs for high availability, MuleSoft recommends deploying Flex Gateway as a cluster with multiple replicas running in parallel. Using clusters increases gateway performance and robustness, and is recommended for high-performance applications that must scale.

Reviewer: Per Style Guide, don't use "MuleSoft recommends..." You can say something like, "it is best to..."

Author: done, thank you!

> A runtime unit is called a `replica`. While a single runtime can support multiple backend APIs for high availability, MuleSoft recommends deploying Flex Gateway as a cluster with multiple replicas running in parallel. Using clusters increases gateway performance and robustness, and is recommended for high-performance applications that must scale.

Author: ```suggestion
A runtime unit is called a `replica`. While a single runtime can support multiple backend APIs for high availability, it is best to deploy Flex Gateway as a cluster with multiple replicas running in parallel. Using clusters increases gateway performance and robustness, and is recommended for high-performance applications that must scale.
```

Author: I freaking hate "robustness," but the main goal was to get rid of references to _ingress controller_. So I resisted rewording.

> A runtime unit is called a `replica`. While a single runtime can support multiple backend APIs for high availability, MuleSoft recommends installing Flex Gateway as a cluster with multiple replicas running in parallel. Using clusters increases gateway performance and robustness, and is recommended for high-performance applications that must scale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A runtime unit is called a `replica`. While a single runtime can support multiple backend APIs for high availability, MuleSoft recommends deploying Flex Gateway as a cluster with multiple replicas running in parallel. Using clusters increases gateway performance and robustness, and is recommended for high-performance applications that must scale.
```

* A sidecar to a backend application in a Docker container, thereby protecting a single backend application

> 

Author: added feedback to line 101

can you check it when you have a moment, @seblaz ?

Reviewer 2: LGTM!

* A Kubernetes cluster for high-availability, high-performance use cases

> //TODO: "ingress controller" ok?

Author: @seblaz What do you think we should say below? See "Otherwise, use an Ingress controller in Kubernetes."

Reviewer 2: I suggest "A Kubernetes Deployment for high-availability, high-performance use cases"

Author: done

> Use a standalone gateway when protecting a few APIs and the number of transactions is low, with a minimal impetus on high-availability or robustness. Otherwise, use an Ingress controller in Kubernetes.

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: We are going to have the index.adoc checked for concept sync before making changes to this one, prob via a different PR. seba is checking into it. 
```

Author: No change in **this** PR.

When running in Kubernetes, you are responsible for:

> * Adapting the base Helm chart for your specific needs

Author: added feedback to lines 129-230

can you check it when you have a moment, @seblaz ?

Reviewer 2: LGTM!

* Adapting the base Helm chart for your specific needs
* Managing the Kubernetes cluster, including:

> //TODO: "ingress controller" ok?

Author: @seblaz What about "Ingress controller" below?

Reviewer 2: I suggest changing "Managing the Kubernetes cluster, including:" to "Managing the Kubernetes Deployment, including:"

Reviewer 2: For "Ingress controller and external load balancing" I suggest leaving the ingress controller part out of the line, since it's already included in the "deployment"

Author: done
